Dotnet README updates (#4737)
awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples: dotnetv3/Lambda/README.md

* Invoke the function with new parameters and get results. Display the returned execution log.
* List the functions for your account, then clean up resources.

<!--custom.scenario_prereqs.lambda_Scenario_GettingStartedFunctions.start-->
<!--custom.scenario_prereqs.lambda_Scenario_GettingStartedFunctions.end-->

<!--custom.scenarios.lambda_Scenario_GettingStartedFunctions.start-->

> Before you run the getting started with Lambda scenario, you have to upload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you can run the getting started with Lambda scenario, you must upload
```

the following two files to an Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket that you
own:

 * [LambdaIncrement.zip](LambdaIncrement.zip)
 * [LambdaCalculator.zip](LambdaCalculator.zip)
 
##### Configuration settings

The scenario includes the following settings in `settings.json`:

>  * `FunctionName` - a name for the Lambda function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `FunctionName` - A name for the Lambda function.
```

 * `Handler` - "LambdaIncrement::LambdaIncrement.Function::FunctionHandler"
 * `UpdatedHandler` - "LambdaCalculator::LambdaCalculator.Function::FunctionHandler"

>  * `BucketName` - The name of the bucket containing the Zip files for the sample functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `BucketName` - The name of the bucket containing the .zip files for the sample functions.
```
